Now you might already have installed it because we used it throughout the course from time to time,
you now will also need an IDE, an integrated development environment to work on the code to add mongodb.
So to download visual studio code, simply choose your operating system
if it's not selected correctly anyways, click download and walk through the installer which this will start.
Now you can also use other editors and IDEs if you got your favorite editor or IDE, that will of course
all work
but if you don't know which to use, this is a great free way of working on a node react application.
Now once you installed visual studio code and you opened it, you can adjust it to your requirements,
for example under code preferences, you can choose your color theme,
I'm using the dark plus theme,
I also installed a special extension to have the material style icons but that is it.
Besides that, I got the default setup basically and with the visual studio code open, you should simply open that
folder which you extracted where you also ran these commands in the terminal,
well that folder is what you should open here and you'll get this setup or this file directory.
Now this is the setup we'll work in,
this holds the source code we'll work in and there, you basically have the top level folders which are
related to your react application,
so source and public, these are important for react. In the backend, you find the code files related to
our simple node restful API,
there I also have the images folder with the dummy images I'm using.
So with all of that set up, we can now get started, work on that code, connect it to mongodb and so on.